Hello, today I want to introduce you
bananas go gaming machine review
bahamas
as bananas just call him bananas
going to the bahamas
here we see the classic
novomatic online slot five reels
9 active lines
multiplication by a line from 1 to the maximum
900 pay table click a button
info
here
the main character is a banana which is
wild wild symbol he replaces himself
all other characters
except the bonus symbol scatter symbol
suitcase
here we see
when 5 bananas appear in the active line
maximum win 900 thousand credits
for
beginning of the game
to start the game you need to choose the amount
active lines of 9 bet on
line from 1 to 9 hundred
still
one characteristic feature of the game
banana machine
if in building a winning combination
involved wild banana symbol then win
automatically multiplied by 2 is we
we can see here by example
for 3
pineapple and we get 600 credits for three
pineapple with banana we will get a thousand
two hundred credits will try on
play start play with a small bet
very automatic
profitable
especially if you are lucky enough to catch a bonus
forty five free bonus
cool here
u catch him honestly not very
simply
but may we succeed 1
3 no, it didn't work out but our bet
multiplied by 2 take loans and
continue
there will be some gain now
not even a bonus here 18 we will try it
double click or batman or max bet
here we have
card shirt
our task is to guess the color is red for
black stats previous
cards here that one red 2 black 2
red black no we lost but
nothing wrong
but
I won now my advice to you
try to
change first rate constantly
try at what rate is best
plays and
does he play at all 18 nothing 27
27 try to twist 45 machines
and if all else fails we will return
back to ninth
everything worked out
45 rates
can continue
you can continue as soon as you will
feel that he stopped giving
try to change any winnings
ipod
one way or another
thanks to all
play win
speak bonus